OK.
The next thing that we have to do is finish building our car dropdown so far our car dropped down.
We're missing the empty message that goes here when the user has no card items as well as the actual
linking of our go to checkout that takes us to our checkout page.
So let's first handle this empty message so inside of our car dropdown component what we'll do is we
will conditionally render a span or our cart items depending on whether or not the cart items array
has a length that's greater than zero right so for us type corrosion of 0 will be false anyway.
So if it's not false.
Right.
If there's a value greater than zero then we'll render our car items.
If there isn't any items then we will render a span with the class name of empty message that says your
cart is empty
of cart items.
Now maybe this is a good time to talk a little bit about type caution in JavaScript so we know that
zero is something that will evaluate to false if I do zero equals false.
We're using the loose equal sign.
So there's two types of equivalence in JavaScript.
There's the double equals and then there's the triple equals double equals just checks.
If the values of the two things are the same and what it will also do is it will try and coerce the
types on the left and the right side that we're comparing.
So let's say for example the string of one and the number of one they'll try and coerce the value of
the string over to a number and then they'll compare the values.
So once the string of 1 becomes 1 while the values of one are the same.
Whereas if we try and do a triple equals we'll find that it gives us false because with the triple equals
that's a strict evaluation which is looking at both the type of what we're comparing and also the value.
So because the type of our string of one is a string and then our type of our number is a number then
we'll get false when we try and do it this way now inside of JavaScript.
There are six type of things that are considered false values which means that if we were to put them
in a conditional like an if statement or our ternary operator then it will return false.
And those six things are zero false undefined.
No not a number and an empty string these six things all await evaluate to false which is why when we
set default values inside of our reducer we tend to set them to the empty version or the false version
of what they'll be.
So if they're going to be an object we set them by default to know if they're going to be a number.
We'll set it to zero.
If it's a string we'll set it to an empty string right.
And if it's true or false if it's a boolean Well that doesn't really matter more so what state we want
that value to be inside of our reducer when an initialize is.
And the reason for this is so that we can conditionally render like the item itself or we can render
an empty state.
Right.
And that's essentially what we're doing here.
We're saying that if the car items length is equal to zero then render an empty message.
If not then we will render out the actual car items and now let's just apply some of the styles that
we need to our empty message inside of our car dropdown styles
and what we'll just say is that empty message class will get the styling where the font size is 18 pixels
and our margin is 50 pixels.
Auto.
There we go.
Now our message is center OK now for our actual go to checkout button.
Well first let's create the actual checkout page so let's go to our app J.S. closes other tabs and also
make a new folder for our page called checkout closes folder and let's make a new folder called checkout
inside we'll just make a basic checkout component after making our usual files.
Checkout styles dot SAS and inside will import react from react import in our style sheet and usually
as we always do we're just going to declare our checkout page and make it a basic functional component
that just renders a div that says checkout page
right.
Just so that we know everything's working let's exploit this by default.
And then inside our objects let's bring it in
and we'll put it underneath all our other pages that we're importing just so that we know that all of
our page components are together in the import statement.
Right.
We can even separate it a little bit so that we can see it a little better if we want to sort them by
their respective sections and then we'll just add a new row here or the exact path goes to our checkout
page when we hit checkout.
Now the reason we're not doing it for shop is because eventually we'll actually do shop slash and then
a category like hats jackets men's or women's but here we'll just add in our route point to our checkout
page because we don't have anything after checkout like there's no slash checkout and then something
else at least not yet.
Now we can think of as far as our app goes And now let's just set up our card dropdown to have our history
action to push it through what we'll need is we will need our with or hired a component from our ReACT
router Dom
and what we'll do is we're actually going to wrap the connected function inside of our with router.
And the reason we can do this is because all of our higher order components if you remember return components
but also take components as their arguments.
So with router is just taking the component that got returned from our connect call as its component
argument now the order in which we wrap them matters because with router will be what passes the match
history and location objects that we first covered when we're looking at our with router component into
the component that is being wrapped.
So we want what comes out of the Connect component to receive those props because when you wrap components
like this it actually evaluates from inside out.
So we'll actually get our connected component first which will then pass in to our with router hired
a component.
And this way our actual component will have access to the props that we're looking for which in this
case is history because what we want this on click to do is just fire the function that will take us
to history push slash checkout and now if we save we see that it takes us to our checkout page okay.
Now let's continue.